Fix link name in deployment guide (#204)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDLAuditorOnAKS.md

## Step 2. Create an AKS cluster for ScalarDL Ledger

> You must create an AKS cluster for the ScalarDL Ledger deployment. For details, see [A guideline for creating an AKS cluster for Scalar products](./CreateAKSClusterForScalarProducts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must create an AKS cluster for the ScalarDL Ledger deployment. For details, see [Guidelines for creating an AKS cluster for Scalar products](./CreateAKSClusterForScalarProducts.md).
```

## Step 3. Create an AKS cluster for ScalarDL Auditor

> You must also create an AKS cluster for the ScalarDL Auditor deployment. For details, see [A guideline for creating an AKS cluster for Scalar products](./CreateAKSClusterForScalarProducts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also create an AKS cluster for the ScalarDL Auditor deployment. For details, see [Guidelines for creating an AKS cluster for Scalar products](./CreateAKSClusterForScalarProducts.md).
```
